README.md, before:

# Code repository for my Medium articles <img src="https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/256/256/2*ObBy4f3rjj9Ib0ykFq9kgw.png" alt="avatar" width="40"/> 

My Medium articles can be accessed from https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt

## Articles written so far

###### I don't know CSS... well (new series)
- [Why doesn’t my CSS work the way it should?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/why-doesnt-my-css-work-the-way-it-should-e2313815520a)
- [Debug CSS Grid with Firefox DevTools](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/debug-css-grid-with-firefox-devtools-949f328aab88)


###### Components
- [How to style the ubiquitous button with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-to-style-the-ubiquitous-button-with-css-6bf1066e01be)
- <sup>New</sup> [Create beautiful numbered lists with CSS Counters](https://blog.prototypr.io/create-beautiful-numbered-lists-with-css-counters-726e705d9e14)

###### Layout
- [How I solve Flexbox Froggy puzzles](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-solve-flexbox-froggy-puzzles-cb42372b55b2)
- [How I create a Contact Us form using Flexbox](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-create-a-contact-us-form-using-flexbox-b9f6660d4c96)
- [How I use CSS Grid to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-css-grid-to-create-a-one-page-website-ffc97668d33a)
- [How I Use Flexbox to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-81db78e61738)
- [How I Use CSS Grid and Flexbox to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-css-grid-and-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-262aeea3592a)
- [How I Use CSS Grid and Flexbox to Create a One-page Website Part 2](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-use-css-grid-and-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-part-2-e575edb422fe)

###### General CSS 
- [How selective should I be when choosing selectors for CSS?](https://medium.com/swlh/how-selective-should-i-be-when-choosing-selectors-for-css-16d80287a4e1)
- [Is 100% really 100% in CSS?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/is-100-really-100-in-css-d4c17366aaf4)
- [CSS Primer: Fonts and text](https://medium.com/swlh/css-primer-fonts-and-text-b6b5bb3e0370)
- [How to Position Background Images With CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-position-background-images-with-css-73cc544975c3)
- [CSS Explicit Defaulting: initial, inherit, unset, and revert](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-explicit-defaulting-initial-inherit-unset-and-revert-9110647cdaa1)
- [How To Control White Space in Text With CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-control-white-space-in-text-with-css-2a7695a0c73b)
- [6 Ways to Style Text on Images in CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/ways-to-style-text-on-images-in-css-fa94e31d63e7)
- [Create Stylish Links with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/create-stylish-links-with-css-983d33102f5a)
- <sup>New</sup> [Add 3D Effects to Your Text with CSS](https://medium.com/swlh/add-3d-effects-to-your-text-with-css-588da44f709f)

###### General HTML
- [Understanding the Tags in HTML Boilerplate](https://medium.com/better-programming/understanding-the-tags-in-html-boilerplate-38d1ae2805f7)
- [The Anatomy of HTML Links](https://medium.com/better-programming/a-primer-on-html-links-af632c4857e0)

- <sup>New</sup>  [Guide on Using Heading Tags in HTML](https://medium.com/front-end-chummies/guide-on-using-heading-tags-in-html-53798b79867f)
- <sup>New</sup>  [Tag Your Text the Right Way With Semantic HTML](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/tag-your-text-the-right-way-with-semantic-html-cf3324b14d1b)

###### Using the Right Terms (discontinued series for now)
- [CSS Inheritance: Using the Right Terms](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-inheritance-using-the-right-terms-532468b46a05)
- [CSS Style Rules: Using the Right Terms](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-style-rules-using-the-right-terms-c8ddd82d4c47)

###### Debugging
- [How I debug CSS with Chrome Devtools](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-debug-css-with-chrome-devtools-2ad3ffeec3ca)
- [Introduction to Chrome DevTools for CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/introduction-to-chrome-devtools-for-css-8d0f90ac860b)

###### Others: Pet Projects
- [Mockup of iPhone 11 with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/mockup-of-iphone-11-with-css-2df1ae4ea6ac)
- [Why do websites look the same?](https://medium.com/swlh/why-do-websites-look-the-same-dfe9bc8970ac)
- [Semantic HTML, something nice to have but not necessary?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/semantic-html-something-nice-to-have-but-not-necessary-50929bb48de8)

###### Others: Productivity
- [How Much Time Can You Save With HTML Shortcuts?](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-much-time-can-you-save-with-html-shortcuts-5357a32756d7)
- [Getting help when you have a problem with your code](https://medium.com/swlh/getting-help-when-you-have-a-problem-with-your-code-f9664a7c6bf2)
- [How I learn to code (from videos)?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-learn-to-code-from-videos-bad52aedfb9f)

###### Flutter: Productivity
- [Introduction to Flutter on DartPad](https://medium.com/better-programming/introduction-to-flutter-on-dartpad-413b7680179b)

Commit message:

Update list of medium articles
Articles added:
- Create an Image Gallery Using CSS Grid and Flexbox
- Control Types (including Virtual Keyboards) Associated with 14 HTML Input Types
- 3 Popular Embeds for Sharing Code on Medium

README.md, after:

# Code repository for my Medium articles <img src="https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/256/256/2*ObBy4f3rjj9Ib0ykFq9kgw.png" alt="avatar" width="40"/> 

My Medium articles can be accessed from https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt

## Articles written so far

###### I don't know CSS... well (new series)
- [Why doesn’t my CSS work the way it should?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/why-doesnt-my-css-work-the-way-it-should-e2313815520a)
- [Debug CSS Grid with Firefox DevTools](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/debug-css-grid-with-firefox-devtools-949f328aab88)


###### Components
- [How to style the ubiquitous button with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-to-style-the-ubiquitous-button-with-css-6bf1066e01be)
- <sup>New</sup> [Create beautiful numbered lists with CSS Counters](https://blog.prototypr.io/create-beautiful-numbered-lists-with-css-counters-726e705d9e14)

###### Layout
- [How I solve Flexbox Froggy puzzles](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-solve-flexbox-froggy-puzzles-cb42372b55b2)
- [How I create a Contact Us form using Flexbox](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-create-a-contact-us-form-using-flexbox-b9f6660d4c96)
- [How I use CSS Grid to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-css-grid-to-create-a-one-page-website-ffc97668d33a)
- [How I Use Flexbox to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-81db78e61738)
- [How I Use CSS Grid and Flexbox to Create a One-page Website](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-use-css-grid-and-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-262aeea3592a)
- [How I Use CSS Grid and Flexbox to Create a One-page Website Part 2](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-use-css-grid-and-flexbox-to-create-a-one-page-website-part-2-e575edb422fe)
- <sup>New</sup> [Create an Image Gallery Using CSS Grid and Flexbox](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-use-css-grid-and-flexbox-to-create-an-image-gallery-924f7896d142)

###### General CSS 
- [How selective should I be when choosing selectors for CSS?](https://medium.com/swlh/how-selective-should-i-be-when-choosing-selectors-for-css-16d80287a4e1)
- [Is 100% really 100% in CSS?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/is-100-really-100-in-css-d4c17366aaf4)
- [CSS Primer: Fonts and text](https://medium.com/swlh/css-primer-fonts-and-text-b6b5bb3e0370)
- [How to Position Background Images With CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-position-background-images-with-css-73cc544975c3)
- [CSS Explicit Defaulting: initial, inherit, unset, and revert](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-explicit-defaulting-initial-inherit-unset-and-revert-9110647cdaa1)
- [How To Control White Space in Text With CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-control-white-space-in-text-with-css-2a7695a0c73b)
- [6 Ways to Style Text on Images in CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/ways-to-style-text-on-images-in-css-fa94e31d63e7)
- [Create Stylish Links with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/create-stylish-links-with-css-983d33102f5a)
- <sup>New</sup> [Add 3D Effects to Your Text with CSS](https://medium.com/swlh/add-3d-effects-to-your-text-with-css-588da44f709f)

###### General HTML
- [Understanding the Tags in HTML Boilerplate](https://medium.com/better-programming/understanding-the-tags-in-html-boilerplate-38d1ae2805f7)
- [The Anatomy of HTML Links](https://medium.com/better-programming/a-primer-on-html-links-af632c4857e0)

- [Guide on Using Heading Tags in HTML](https://medium.com/front-end-chummies/guide-on-using-heading-tags-in-html-53798b79867f)
- [Tag Your Text the Right Way With Semantic HTML](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/tag-your-text-the-right-way-with-semantic-html-cf3324b14d1b)
- <sup>New</sup>  [Control Types (including Virtual Keyboards) Associated with 14 HTML Input Types](https://medium.com/front-end-chummies/control-types-including-virtual-keyboards-associated-with-14-html-input-types-4a0b216d68c6)

###### Using the Right Terms (discontinued series for now)
- [CSS Inheritance: Using the Right Terms](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-inheritance-using-the-right-terms-532468b46a05)
- [CSS Style Rules: Using the Right Terms](https://medium.com/better-programming/css-style-rules-using-the-right-terms-c8ddd82d4c47)

###### Debugging
- [How I debug CSS with Chrome Devtools](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-debug-css-with-chrome-devtools-2ad3ffeec3ca)
- [Introduction to Chrome DevTools for CSS](https://medium.com/better-programming/introduction-to-chrome-devtools-for-css-8d0f90ac860b)

###### Others: Pet Projects
- [Mockup of iPhone 11 with CSS](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/mockup-of-iphone-11-with-css-2df1ae4ea6ac)
- [Why do websites look the same?](https://medium.com/swlh/why-do-websites-look-the-same-dfe9bc8970ac)
- [Semantic HTML, something nice to have but not necessary?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/semantic-html-something-nice-to-have-but-not-necessary-50929bb48de8)

###### Others: Writing
- <sup>New</sup>  [3 Popular Embeds for Sharing Code on Medium](https://medium.com/better-programming/popular-embeds-for-sharing-code-on-medium-8ba951e9c5d0)

###### Others: Productivity
- [How Much Time Can You Save With HTML Shortcuts?](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-much-time-can-you-save-with-html-shortcuts-5357a32756d7)
- [Getting help when you have a problem with your code](https://medium.com/swlh/getting-help-when-you-have-a-problem-with-your-code-f9664a7c6bf2)
- [How I learn to code (from videos)?](https://medium.com/@lim.aliceyt/how-i-learn-to-code-from-videos-bad52aedfb9f)

###### Flutter: Productivity
- [Introduction to Flutter on DartPad](https://medium.com/better-programming/introduction-to-flutter-on-dartpad-413b7680179b)
